{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Instructions for Evil Wizard Game\
\

\fs28 1. Goal \

\f1\b0 -The goal of the game is to defeat an evil wizard named Gorvenal. You will need different items to aid you on your quest. \
\

\f0\b 2. Types of items\

\f1\b0 A) Scroll - Contains messages or clues that \
B) Pickaxe - Used for mining\
C) Diamond - An ingredient to create\
D) Diamond-ore - Source for diamonds, can be mined\
E) Potion - Can be consumed to gain positive or negative effects\
F) Key - Used to unlock locked doors\
G) Stick - An ingredient to create Sword\
H) Sword - A weapon used to defeat the wizard\
\

\f0\b 3. General Instructions\

\f1\b0 A) You will start in the starting room with a scroll and a door. Read scrolls to get information on how to complete the game\
B) Some scrolls will provide crafting recipes for useful items. You can create specific items using the create-item command where item is the type of item you want to create  \
C) You must go to different rooms to find items that will help you on your quest to defeat the evil wizard\
D) Some doors will be locked. These doors must be unlocked by keys. To unlock a door, use the (unlock door) command. \
E) You may need to change the orientation of the key by using (turn key) to unlock a door\
F) Diamond ores can be a source of diamonds to create new items. Use (mine diamond-ore) to extract the resources from an ore.\
G) Potions can have positive or negative effects. \
H) Before entering the \'93Sinister door\'94 make sure you have all the items needed to defeat the wizard (or else you\'92ll die).\
I ) To fight the wizard use the (attack(the wizard)) command.\
 }